# Contributing to WebsiteTwo (AgileVentures' WebSite 2.0)

AgileVentures is an organization about learning how to work on open source projects.
We are grateful for any contribution to this open source project, of any kind,
from anyone, but we encourage any contributor to work with others and share
their knowledge or learn together.

Please do come and say hello in our [Slack
chat](https://agileventures.slack.com/messages/websiteone). You can get an
invite by signing up at [AgileVentures](https://www.agileventures.org) or
emailing [info@agileventures.org](mailto:info@agileventures.org).

## Mob programming events and Pair programming

We meet a couple of times a week to work together on the project, following a
group coding and decision-making technique known as [Mob
programming](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mob_programming).

The preferred way to contribute to the project is by participating in these
coding events, which can be found on the current website for AgileVentures
under [events](https://www.agileventures.org/events). Look for "Website 2.0 Mob
Programming" events.

We understand that you might not like mob programming, or that time constraints
might not allow you to participate in our events. In this case, please consider
finding at least one more person to work with, in a more classic [Pair
Programming](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pair_programming) style.
It should be easy to find a partner for a coding session in the project's
[slack channel](https://agileventures.slack.com/messages/website-two)

## Editor and setup

We use [VSCode](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode) (also called VSCodium for
Linux systems), we also use its [Live
Share](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/live-share) extension for collaborative
coding, whether as a mob or when pair programming.

Since WebsiteTwo is a Gatsby project, which uses Javascript, Nodejs and React,
you should also install the following extensions:

1. Prettier - Code formatter
2. ESLint

You might also want to give a look at these extensions (expectially the Babel
one):

3. Babel ES6/ES7
4. JSON Tools
5. markdownlint
6. Rainbow Brackets
7. vscode-icons

The best way to have a look at, and install these extensions from the
_extensions_ tab in you vscode, usually on the left side of the editor.

You can find an overview of these extensions (recommended by the Gatsby
documentation)
[here](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/blog/2018-10-18-vscode-gatsby-development)
